Manager Zhou is him
Friend, I don't care who you are.
Please leave now.
I want to welcome distinguished guests
I don't want to make a big deal out of it.
Manager Zhou, you can't let this kid go easily
Didn't you hear what I just said?
Lucky for you, toad
If it weren't for a distinguished guest coming today
I have to have your skin peeled off
Go away
I am your guest of honor
Haha, you also want to be a valued customer of our Kyushu Group.
Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter.
You don't soak, you have to look like a bird
You will speak for every word you say today
Feel regret
regret
I'd like to see your toad
Why should I regret it?
Just based on this knowledge?
Toad, who are you trying to scare with this broken ring?
Believe me or not?
Shut up!
Manager Zhou, what are you waiting for me to do? Shut up.
Kyushu Group Zhou Ning meets the recipient